cool okay hello I guess we'll just get
started then
so welcome to the monday august 26 IVFs
project operations weekly call hooray
okay so let's let's just take it from
the top it doesn't seem like we have a
whole lot of updates on the agenda thus
far
Alan Steven have we got any ipfs
implementations updates it sounds like
most of them happened last week other
ones I know happened last weekend Alan
is currently out of money oh yeah yes
sorry it's like my grid doesn't quite do
only have six people on the call is it
not okay we lose it okay I thought I
thought something was always measured
okay moving on collaborations so we both
of the named people were a little bit
unwell last week so I think that's that
set us back a bit did you do you have
any any particular updates when you're
in and no major updates and collating
all of the both sides of feedback from
from opera and to one single place that
we can evaluate and talk about move that
forward and then our Cuddy and I are
getting together today to run a few
collabs through a test pipeline using
air table and look at a kind of policy
engine approach we've been that I worked
up last week around how to evaluate the
incoming collaboration opportunities so
yeah you know we can hit a little demo
or something next week but we're gonna
meet this afternoon I have I have an
update from ENS it turns out they did a
whole lot of work that they just weren't
really updating us on so basically the
thing is finished
much like the it's it's a plugin we can
probably just submit it to the accordion
s people to list it in their directory
so that's wonderful and they're also now
thinking a lot about the UX stuff so
we're in kind of the fun phase at this
point so exciting yeah I think that's
most of the most of it for now I know
that I know that the DNS folks have been
where like at least Makoto has been like
publishing blog posts on this like every
two or three weeks which is amazing like
are there other other forms of
communication or you know announcement
that we should be doing to get people
trying this out and actively using it
given that it's gotten to a pretty
awesome level of fidelity I think we're
still a little bit before that point but
we're very close so I think once once we
cross like the next thresholds will
we'll have that discussion okay it seems
like there is a nice big update from web
3/8 Berlin probably from Molly yeah I
was there last week it was pretty
awesome it was a very jam-packed week
with I think at least three different
berlin-based conferences so there was
each Berlin spy there was web 3 and
there was Def Con all all with various
ipfs related presentations and help
desks and workshops
it was super snazzy I have a a version
of the trying the book in Chinese about
ipfs which is in Chinese so I need other
people to come help me who actually read
Chinese but it's naazy
d'etre I have to practice but there was
a lot of a lot of cool stuff there and
we did multiple proto school workshops
there were at least two workshops
that were prepared for ITF s camp that
we gave at web three we were running
this p2p note that that Hector was
moderating so that had a lot of cool
content also help from the pinata folks
there was a an IP of us helpdesk at each
Berlin which got a lot of exciting
attention yeah and and we also got
mentioned a number of times in various
like center stage talks we didn't
actually get mentioned by Richard
Stallman but I had a really long
conversation with him about how ipfs
could maybe make the web behave a little
bit more like he wishes the web would
behave more package manner manager esque
so we'll see I think it's you know I'm
skeptical that we should actually get
Richard Stallman to like things like the
web and JavaScript but it was pretty
cool to to get to hear his perspective
on things and definitely a very
passionate person about making the web
free and open yeah I think those are the
things I wanted to say I think they're
they're still continue to be like more
opportunities to share out the content
from from all of those workshops and so
I'll be I'll be looking out and
additional kind of collab things that
might come out of that as well so do we
have like a China kind of community
manager person at this points is there
is there someone in that position or so
there's the number of people like in the
in the China community who have like you
know stepped up creating proto school
chapters and and generally being being
leaders and community community
organizers there and so there's folks in
the Hong Kong community who are leading
protocol chapters I got to meet with
masa who's in the Japan I guess Tokyo
area who's heading up a critical chapter
and then there's folks of course in like
Shenzhen and Shanghai and places like
that there there's not like one single
community person but there are many
people who have kind of stepped up to
manage local communities in the China
the general Asia region okay
lower priority projects maintenance and
ownership
uneventful to to to to I the only the
only a little bit of news there is that
we do we talked a little bit about
things like couldn't release workflow
for both desktop in GUI and web UI and
making sure that the right versions of
those are packaged with court
limitations when they ship make sure
that things are sync there so that
there's a there's a step now and the
release for desktop to make sure that
the latest version is it's there and
then the next step after that is making
sure that things are broken proactively
instead of manual testing so there's an
issue that Rick started around the doing
in automated testing of web UI against
latest version of corn fragmentation and
slowly but surely filling out the
testing matrix that I talked about week
before last I think then and then
there's something cremates we we've
agreed that that's the place that we
want to get to and that probably next
quarter is going to be a quarter where
we can actually get to those places and
start filling in some of those gaps I
realize the collaboration that's thread
of things also tends to include like the
the in web browsers work around I
pianist and any other things that are
needed by web browsers from sage ASI PFS
are there any updates I don't know
either from future Hugo someone who's in
those conversations about kind of where
we're at where we need to be whether
things are well on track to be
supporting our super strategic web
browser collaboration I you go can given
an update about the IPS work that he's
doing but the review of mid-quarter that
we did for those specific calls
everything seems to be on track in in
that area and Lydell it's not here to
give a specific update about brave but
so far as of that be lead quarter ten
days ago that was a everything that we
had on the schedule for this quarter was
sunshine yeah
regarding the Vanessa just just came
from vacations I'm still kind of going
through a backlog of pull requests and
emails and all that but one thing I can
say now is that this week we'll try hard
to finish the Ibanez spec so we can move
move it along for the go implementation
and also for the GS part where I had
already some discussions or to kind of
reduce the scope to get that out faster
and yet hopefully this week that will be
hundred percent ready to go thank you
fantastic okay there is no debate to
give a research updates but there was a
research presentation of web three last
week by honest about various I see and
implementations probably the same one
that we've seen internally yeah I think
it was done it was an hour-long version
of the two-hour async version there was
some interesting discussion kind of
slightly different slides slightly you
know having been to both I thought both
were really good if you want to watch
the previous one it's up on YouTube if
the most recent one I don't think was
recorded but it was kind of the same set
of content with just slightly different
discussion for the folks who were not 23
and wanting to talk about it is they're
generally like any content from web 3
and Friends that is recorded and we're
advice to you and the talks were
recorded however the content at the p2p
node wasn't except for one person who
brought their filming so we may be
seeing a presentation from the the
Janice be honest I don't it that that
team talk from Brazil who was talking
about the the work that they're doing
trying to index content on in web 3 and
they brought their own own video crew
and lighting and we're the most set up
in the p2p space for recording and
demonstrating that but I think
everything else was a was ephemeral and
mostly content that was you know geared
toward real-time conversation and
interaction though you know not a huge
loss but I think maybe an opportunity to
to write up some of those findings to
make sure it happened it was documented
etc very cool okay so the notable
observations section seems to be
somewhat new oh actually sorry one more
updates in is that we have done well who
is ok ours and we currently at Wheaton
you know aiming for point
at the end of quarter which is awesome
so if we're if we're able to stick to
that expectation of all the things that
expect to get done we're gonna be doing
super well which is snazzy sounds like
our reorg has successfully really so
that's that's yeah that's where I'm at
are being placed okay so the last one
and I'm just gonna read this it's we've
got a goal based quiz live in the front
page of ipfs that io we gather metrics
to this to guide documentation efforts
to the next quarter and just make the
front page more fun and you can see its
own IP a test at i/o I can I can speak
to that if y'all want oh okay I was it
was an unattributed items and we are
using it to guide prioritization of
power producing docks for people in q4
which is gonna be great it's a very it's
it's a simple addition visually to the
front of ipfs that arrow you can click
on it and see it yourself but we're
basically there's there's some depth
behind it we changed the buttons on the
very top of the page to say and learn
more or get started and based on that is
the beginning of a funnel as well as
what people do or do not click on as
they go through the quick get started
single question quiz that's gonna help
expose a lot of information to us about
howard going forward and it's also part
of a larger test plan if you want to
click on the link that says c8 here you
can see where that effort fits into just
these would be a number of other things
that we're gonna be testing and
analyzing over the course of the rest of
the quarter yeah I'm going to be a
broken record here and just say please
just go to the forums there are lots of
users they're asking billion further
questions
right absolutely and we and this is
something that I need to actually spend
on today is um if there's there's sort
of a catch-all for something else not
seen here and we want to guide that to a
specific forum topic that we can monitor
a little bit harder thank you and the
the quiz is the thing here that says
what he want to do is I be a fast we've
got four choices really and that was
backed up we did some general usability
testing with a set of ten folks have an
internal three community obviously the
future we take that proportion to be a
little bit different but this is
something that we mobilized over the
course of like four days so so together
there's um a lot of interesting stuff
that we glean from that that will help
us both in terms of the docs effort and
in how we approach that that page itself
in the future cool
so it seems like we're - t-minus ten and
we have restore our agenda so at this
point it's an open call for updates
thoughts comments questions suisse even
did you want to mention the the thing
you added underneath no updates ah in
the core implementation Syria so that I
yeah I know we got a contributor come in
and finally just get up with a bunch of
like race conditions and report of them
and fix one of them so look if it's
maybe race-free I'm not apologizing but
we've had issues were like you've missed
the race detector ed Brandis and modules
would constantly have problems probably
not causing any actual problems that's
hard to tell if races so it's just nice
it's been all time fine Thank You kpp
awesome work okay uh sounds like that's
it for this morning then and see y'all
in various other things later on
okay bye-bye